interestingly a study has found that
asking brainteasers and random questions
during an interview is a sign of a
narcissistic and sadistic boss so let's
find out how well our Ranga nation would
do in a job interview I'm gonna play the
sadistic boss I'm going to ask you some
brain teasers these are all genuine
interview questions okay that recruiters
asked to assess your thought process and
problem-solving there are no right or
wrong answers it's about how your mind
works
okay so Lord Dave genuine interview
question you an interview situation to
try and impress me all right if a hippo
falls into a hole how would you get it
out so I would call the fire brigade
then report it to the emergency services
create a boundary around the hole
where's a hole basically what I've given
you all the information I can there's a
hippo in a hole sorter okay so I poured
it yeah
get a fire brigade down here maybe the
animal sanctuary people down the hole
make sure that hippos fine because we
don't want to cause any disruption to
the hippo family and all that I'll
contact the maintenance people so
there's a lot of phone calls if you know
maintenance people clear up the hole and
then BOOM we've got the whole field and
hippos off back to where it came from
that's actually I was actually quite
impressed yeah yeah yeah how can you
tell if your refrigerator light is on or
not the lady Solis on okay what about
when the doors closed open the bloody
door
[Applause]
who wrote this okay
bloody stupid question Tom yes you were
a kitchen appliance which gets the price
would you be and why I maybe something
like an auger once you've had one you
never go back
you've confused an auger with somebody
black
[Laughter]
now not everyone is cut out for
interviews have a look at one candidate
from the last series of The Apprentice
trying to brag his way through good luck
mate I'm gonna shake his hand you won't
be out of shape I will take a seat
[Applause]
how many sticks did you sell last year
it was about 47,000 so how come it says
on your product page on Amazon over 1
million sold globally
yeah that's not correct
how has that appeared on there I would
need to review that I'd like you to
review that right now can you tell me
who wrote that phrase I would need to
check so you didn't write that I could
have written that I think you did write
that it's very it's highly likely that I
wrote that yeah probably 90% like okay
yeah
I think it's actually quite endearing
yeah the face of the future of British
business there and it's a face of
someone their pants some you're
very you've got charm I think what you
like if you don't mind me saying well I
don't mind you saying that at all how do
you think you'd cope in the apprentice
interviews very well I think I'd be
exactly what they'd want I think if if
Claude said I wouldn't like that if
Claude started being mean to me
if you didn't shake my hand and I think
I'd make out in the apprentice that he
was my father I'd come in coach takes
Harry to sit down and I'd say you're my
real father
ease into it's all that's literally the
first thing I'm not here to make friends
that's the main thing you have to say on
the apprentice I'm not here to make
friends
yeah I've sold a million of something
you're my dad okay one manager said she
wouldn't give a job to anyone who didn't
send a follow-up email to say thank you
as it proves that they're not eager
organized or well-mannered hands up if
you agree with that as a thing full up
email it's a bit Butkus isn't it an
ex-banker what do you think I have had
many interviews in my life I haven't got
all the jobs but I've always said thank
you for the interview
I often send a follow-up as well say
thanks for your time but I do that with
if somebody invites me to dinner I will
bring them up the next day or seven
mini-mall my
anything over Skype them
you last night mate see you later okay
who's ever had a bad feedback from a job
interview wheeler-dealer I went for a
interview with a consulting firm and I
thought I did okay in the interview to
be fair and then I got the rejection
letter I called them up and I said you
know can you give me some feedback and
they said you didn't quite work well in
your verbal reasoning and your numerical
reasoning was fine mm-hmm but we totally
disagree with the fact that you came
into interview with mismatching trousers
and jacket Wow
that was the feedback that sounds like a
company that's making up the feedback to
spare your feelings
you're so good with the brilliant we are
your sons good they did the trousers
well job interviews are tough and most
people do lie when giving the answers
you can honestly answer the question
what's your greatest weakness you know
you're not going to say well I'm pretty
racist and I get a bit touchy-feely
around women where do I see myself in
five years time I think some sort of
employee tribunal because she is hot
[Applause]
[Music]